Added optional export of private key (#108)
tomusdrw/ethsign: README.md

A library to read JSON keyfiles and sign Ethereum stuff.

> Library by defaults hide private key from access,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Library by default hides raw private key from being accessed,
```

> but you can add --features export-private-key to export it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but you can enable `export-private-key` feature to export it.
```

    let public = signature.recover(&message).unwrap();
    println!("{:?}", public);

    #[cfg(feature = "export-private-key")]
    {

>         //Do not print private key in that way in production code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Do not print private key in that way in production code!
```
